TopShop
10-7-2018

Team Name: ?

Team Members: Ha(Product Owner), Alfred(Initial Scrum Master), Vy, Brianna, Jordan, Lior.

Description: TopShop is a SaaS software for the automotive repair industry.

Problem to solve: The US automotive repair industry has $67bn in annual sales. The majority of the
auto repair facilities uses outdated processes and/or software to manage their day to day 
operations. There is no single company that dominates this market. We aim to be that company
by offering a superior product that: streamline processes, improve efficiency, increase sales,
improve customer interaction and experiences, and reduce waste.

Initial vision for the software:

The typical interaction for a customer that wants to have their vehicle fixed or serviced.

The customer needs repair/service on their vehicle. They find a shop bring in their vehicle. They
are greeted by a service advisor. The service advisor will get the customer's information, and
determines what the customer wants to have done to the vehicle. They either type this in a software
or hand write on a paper form. Once finished the customer is given a preliminary estimate paperwork
detailing what is to be done and what the cost will be. Customer then leaves or wait while the car
gets worked on. If the car needs additional repairs or recommendations, the service advisor will
phone the customer explaining the additional recommendations, and gets their approval. Once the vehicle
is finished, the service advisor will notify the customer. Customer comes back to the shop,
pays for repairs, receives receipt and paperwork for what was done to vehicle. Customer leaves.

Problem to be solved: Each typical repair interaction will use about 5 pages of paper. Having
everything online reduces waste of paper and time hand writing/printing everything. When notifying customer
about additional repairs, most of the time they will not remember all that is said on the phone and
with no proof will be skeptical about recomendations. The software will send the customer an email
with details about the recommendations with picture/video proofs thereby enhancing customer
interaction. Customer will have option to approve or decline repairs within the email.
Once the vehicle is picked up, the service paperwork is typically thrown in the glovebox or somewhere
else and forgotten about. Until one day they need it and it's nowhere to be found. With our software
the service information is always available online for the customer to view/download/print.

The typical interaction between the service advisor and auto technician.

Once the customer is written up and leaves the car for repair. The service advisor will print the
repair order and bring it to a technician. The technician then looks over the repair order and then
finds the vehicle. They will perform a test drive for inspection/verifying complaint. They will then
fill out the inspection form, with recommendations for the repairs/services and go to the parts
department to get prices. They then go and find the service advisor, have a conversation about what's
needed, and begin work on the vehicle. Meanwhile the service advisor will be contacting the customer
with updates to their vehicle. Once the service advisor gets the ok/decline from the customer, they
will go back to the shop area to notify the technician on what's approved and what is not. If the
technician needs additional parts they will have to go to the parts department again to get additional
items to complete the service to vehicle. Once the vehicle is finished, the technician completes the
paperwork and bring it to the service advisor. The service advisor will then call the customer to
let them know the vehicle is finished. The service advisor will then type/write up a final copy for
the customer.

Problem to be solved: Each interaction between the service advisor and technician uses about 5 to 10
pieces of paper typically. Service advisor and technician spends time walking back and forth to
interact with each other. Technician also spends time walking back and forth to interact with the
parts department. Having the software do everything online almost eliminates the time needed to walk
back and forth. Technician spends less time doing things that are not actually repairing the vehicle
results in higher productivity.

High Level Goals:
  - Account creation for automotive repair shops.
  - Each shop account will be able to create logins for service advisors and technicians.
  - Create customer entry
  - Create vehicle entry, tie vehicle to a customer
  - Repair order form
  - Vehicle inspection form
  - Repair/Inspection form will tie to vehicle
  - Recommendation link/email to customer with option to accept/decline addition repairs
  - Final paperwork of repairs, link or email to customer